<한글>
오늘은 티에리 멘토님과의 미팅이 있었고, 3가지의 목표를 완료했다.
‘중간 보고회’의 피드백을 분석하여 솔루션 찾아야한다.
‘독일 인턴 채용 공고’에 대해 피드백을 받아야한다.
16일과 24일에 진행되는 이탈리아 기업들과의 미팅을 어떻게 할지 정해야한다.

중간 보고회 때 심사위원님들의 피드백에 대한 솔루션은 아래와 같다.
[솔루션]
1. J.Kong : 사람들이 우리들의 서비스를 이용할 수 있도록, 그들이 원하는 것을 제공해주고, PT에서 우리들의 강점을 설득할 것.
2. Josh Kim : 구독자와 수익 창출 방법을 설명하기 위해 '마케팅 전략'을 더 자세하게 설명할 것.
  - 비지니스 수익이 창출되는 근거 자료를 사용해야한다.
  - 왜 학생이 8,000명에서 시작되는지 등에 대한 설명도 필요하다.
  - 학생들의 75%가 사용한다고 응답한 자료를 사용해야한다.
  - SNS, 이메일 영업 등 어떻게 기업들과 소통하고있는지를 마케팅 전략으로 설명해야한다.
3. Kate Kalinova: 중고품 판매/구매자를 위한 별도의 비디오 제작할 것.

독일 인턴 채용 공고에 대해 티에리가 준 피드백은 아래와 같다.
“독일 인턴에게 요구하는 것을 정리된 Sample 자료에서 찾고, 다시 작성할 것"

이탈리아와의 미팅을 어떻게 할지에 대한 방안은 아래와 같다.
미팅하기로 정한 회사는 Technowellness이다.
16일 미팅 때는 회사와 서비스를 간략하게 소개하고 광고 상품을 소개한다.
24일 미팅 때는 서로 구매할 상품에 대해 계약서 작성을 완료한다.

이렇게 각 목표들을 완료하였으며, 내일부터는 이를 바탕으로 좀 더 세부적인 계획을 세우고, 업무를 완료해나갈 것이다.

<외국어>
Today, I had a meeting with Thierry mentor, and I completed three goals.
It is necessary to find a solution by analyzing the feedback from the 'interim report meeting'.
Feedback should be received on the "German Intern Employment Announcement."
It is necessary to decide how to hold meetings with Italian companies on the 16th and 24th.

The solutions to the judges' feedback at the interim briefing session are as follows.
[Solution]
1. J. Kong: We will provide what they want so that people can use our services and persuade our strengths in PT.
2. Josh Kim: I will explain the 'marketing strategy' in more detail to explain how to generate revenue with subscribers.
  - Evidence data from which business profits are generated should be used.
  - It is also necessary to explain why 8,000 students start.
  - Data that 75% of students answered to use should be used.
  - Marketing strategies should explain how they are communicating with companies such as SNS and e-mail sales.
3. Kate Kalinova: A separate video for used goods sellers/buyers will be produced.

The feedback from Thierry on the German intern recruitment announcement is as follows.
"What you ask for from German interns will be found in the sample data and rewritten."

The plan for how to hold a meeting with Italy is as follows.
The company that decided to have a meeting is "Technowellness".
At the meeting on the 16th, the company and services will be briefly introduced and advertising products will be introduced.
At the meeting on the 24th, the contract will be completed for the products to be purchased by each other.

Each of the goals has been completed, and from tomorrow, we will make more detailed plans and complete the work.

