<한글>
소셜미디어에 대한 피드백을 받기 위해 학교로 갔다. 우리가 업로드한 카드뉴스에 대해 다니엘에게 설명을 했다. Instagram에 들어가서 다른 팀들이 업로드한 피드를 보니 영상을 넣은 팀들이 많았다. 그래서 다니엘은 우리에게 카드뉴스를 설명하는 영상을 찍자고 피드백을 주셨다. 나와 지원님과 미나님은 각 카드뉴스에 대한 대본을 만들어서 발표 동영상을 찍었다. 다른 팀들이 어떻게 했는지 볼 수 있는 대회에 참여할 때는 다른 팀들의 결과물을 참고하여 우리의 결과물을 어떻게 하면 더 발전시킬 수 있는지를 생각해야한다는 것을 알았다. 향후 다른 대회에 나갔을 때 이 방법을 활용해야겠다. 
 
코치님들께 중간보고회에 대한 피드백을 받았다. 우림님이 코치님들께 중간보고회 초안을 발표했고, 난 피드백을 적고 어떻게 반영할 지에 대해 생각했다. 받은 피드백은 다음과 같다. 
1. 상품에 대한 어필 멘트 넣기
 2. 조금 이따가 설명한다는 식의 멘트는 넣지 말기
 3. 마케팅을 어떻게 활용할 지에 대한 비율을 추가하기 
4. 영업에서 거래가 성사되기 전이라면 거래하는 회사가 우리 상품에 관심을 가졌다라는 표현하기  
5. 수치 데이터를 꼭 표현하기
6. 행사 이름 정확하게 넣기
7. 대회의 목표를 적을 때는 수상을 하겠다가 아니라 홍보를 하겠다 등의 우리가 얻는 궁극적인 목표를 넣기 
피드백을 받은 후 수치 데이터나 대회 이름은 부분은 정확하게 표현해야 된다는 것을 알았고, 이 발표를 듣는 청중을 초점으로 내용을 만들어야한다는 것을 알았다. 향후 이 피드백을 반영하여 ppt를 완성할 것이다. 

글로벌 현장학습 UCC에 대한 피드백을 받았다. 코치님께서 우리의 실제 활동했던 사진을 넣어 UCC를 만들면 좋을 것 같다는 피드백을 주셨다. 나는 UCC 대회에 나갈 때는 실제 사진을 넣는 것이 더 좋다는 것을 알게되었다. 내일 우리가 활동한 사진을 받아 UCC의 기획을 짤 것이다. 

이메일 영업을 진행하기 위해 이메일을 확인했다. 이메일을 확인하니 약 10개의 기업들에게 답장이 왔다. 그 중 Artemis NY 회사에게 확실한 거래 의사가 왔다. 나는 저번에 중국 미팅을 기반으로 주문서를 만들어서 보냈다. 이메일 영업도 미팅 영업과 같이 계약서들이 오고 간다는 것을 알았다. 향후 영업을 계속 진행하고, 기록하여 거래를 성사시킬 것이다. 

<외국어>
I went to school to get feedback on social media. I explained to Daniel about the card news we uploaded. When I went into Instagram and saw the feeds uploaded by other teams, there were many teams with videos. So Daniel gave us feedback to take a video explaining the card news. Me, Jiwon, and Mina made scripts for each card news and filmed a presentation video. I knew that when participating in a competition where I could see how other teams did, I had to refer to the results of other teams and think about how to further develop our results. I should use this method when I participate in other competitions in the future.

I received feedback from the coaches on the interim briefing session. The rain forest presented a draft of the interim briefing session to the coaches, and I wrote down feedback and thought about how to reflect it. The feedback received is as follows. 
1. Add comments to appeal to the product.
 2. Don't say things like you're going to explain later.
 3. Adding a percentage of how to use marketing. 
4. If a transaction has not been made in a business, express that the company you are trading with is interested in our product.  
5. Expressing the numerical data.
6. Put the exact name of the event.
7. When you write down the goals of the competition, you don't want to win, but promote it. Putting in the ultimate goal that we get. 
After receiving the feedback, I knew that the numerical data or the name of the competition should be accurately expressed, and I knew that I should focus on the audience listening to this presentation. In the future, we will complete the ppt by reflecting this feedback.

We received feedback on the global field trip UCC. The coach gave me feedback that it would be nice to make a UCC by adding pictures of our actual activities. I found it better to put actual photos when participating in the UCC competition. Tomorrow, we will plan for UCC by receiving photos of our activities. 

I checked my e-mail to proceed with e-mail sales. When I checked my e-mail, about 10 companies replied. Among them, Artemis NY company had a firm intention to trade. I made and sent an order based on the Chinese meeting last time. I knew that contracts were coming and going in e-mail sales like meeting sales. In the future, we will continue to operate and record the transaction.

