<한글>
UCC 기획을 짜기 위해 코치님께 우리들이 지금까지 활동한 사진을 받았다. 
먼저, UCC에 들어갈 우리의 행사들을 결정했다. 우리는 팀활동, 멘토링 참여, 코칭시간(with 티에리),가상투자유치설명회, 독일어 수업, 독일 인턴 인터뷰, 국내, 국제(중국, 이탈리아) 비즈니스 MEET UP, 커리어포럼, PEN Worldwide Entrepreneurship Week 2021 - Social Media Competition, 중간보고회, 독일 국제 박람회, SMI KOREA 2021을 포함했다. 그 후에 각 행사에 해당 하는 사진을 고르고, 자막을 작성했다. 나는 우리가 벌써 독일 국제 박람회와 SMI KOREA 2021만을 남기고 있다는 것을 알고, 정말 쉼없이 달려온 것을 알았다. 내일 자막에 나레이션을 추가하여 영상을 완성할 것이다. 


내일 커리어 포럼을 준비하기 위해 영어 이력서를 만들었다. 나는 저번에 피드백을 받은 것을 반영하기로 했다. 전체적으로 간결하게 최대 2장으로 작성해야 하며, 나의 역량을 적을 때는 수준도 포함해야 한다. 단어로 적는게 아니라 설명하듯 풀어서 적어야한다. 또한, 우리는 일 경험이 없으니 교육 받은 것을 먼저 배치하고, 일 경험을 그 다음에 배치해야 한다. 나는 욕심을 줄이고, 최대한 영어 이력서 형식에 맞게 나의 이력서를 완성했다. 아르바이트를 한 경력은 가장 오래한 경력만을 적고, 교육받은 것과 프로젝트를 진행한 것을 강조하였다. 나는 영어 이력서를 만들면서 한국 이력서와는 많이 형식이 다르다는 것을 알았다. 향후 다른 회사들을 준비할 때는 그 회사가 요구하는 이력서와 포트폴리오 형식을 파악해서 준비해야겠다. 

<외국어>
To plan for UCC, we received photos of our activities so far from the coach. 
First, we decided on our events to enter the UCC. We included team activities, mentoring participation, coaching sessions, virtual investment attraction presentations, German language classes, German intern interviews, domestic, international (China, Italy) business MEET UP, Career Forum, PEN Worldwide Entrepreneurship Week 2021 - Social Media Competition, German International Fair, and SMI KOREA 2021. After that, I chose pictures corresponding to each event and wrote subtitles. I knew we already had only the German International Fair and SMI KOREA 2021 left, and I really ran nonstop. Tomorrow, I will add narration to the caption to complete the video.

I made an English resume to prepare for tomorrow's career forum. I decided to reflect the feedback I received last time. Overall, it should be concisely written in up to two chapters, and when writing down my capabilities, it should include a level. You should write it down as if you were explaining it, not in words. Also, we have no work experience, so we have to place what we have been educated first, and then the work experience. I reduced my greed and completed my resume as much as possible in the form of an English resume. The experience of working part-time was written down only the longest experience, and emphasized being educated and working on the project. When I made my English resume, I found that the format was very different from that of my Korean resume. When preparing for other companies in the future, we should identify and prepare the resume and portfolio format required by the company.

