안녕하세요. 코리아펜 박우림 대표입니다. 여러분을 처음 만났을 때가 기억납니다. 사실 첫 만남은 7월 1일 설명회였습니다. 티에리 나네트 씨와 함께 와서 여러분들을 만났지요. 설명회를 마친 후 박우림과 이수민 팀 리더를 따로 만나서 차를 마시면서 얘기했던 것이 반년 전이었네요. 
그 후, 8월에는 이틀간의 사전교육 세션을 가졌고, 9월 2일 공식적인 오리엔테이션을 시작으로 본격적인 프로그램을 시작했습니다. 
그 이후 오늘에 이르기까지 16주 간에 걸친 대장정의 HI-GPTP 를 여러분들과 함께 진행해 왔네요. 
지난 모든 과정에서 많은 분들이 도움을 주셨고 소중한 시간을 내어서 함께해 주셨습니다. 
기업의 협조가 중요한 상황에서 우리의 파트너가 되어준 "주한/호주/상공회의소", 그리고 따듯하게 우리 학생들을 지도해준 다니엘 팔러와 티에리 나넷 두분 코치께 감사를 드립니다. 그리고 무엇보다도 이 모든 과정을 진행하면서 이 프로젝트의 가치를 공감하고 프로젝트를 성공으로 이끌기 위해 최선을 다해준 레린 그리고 조유경 두분 매니저께도 감사의 말씀을 드립니다. :D  마지막으로 김보석 선생님과 김경태 선생님께 깊은 감사를 드립니다. 두분의 의지가 없었다면 이 프로젝트는 불가능했을 것입니다.
무엇보다도 학생 여러분들에게 가장 큰 감사와 축하를 보내고 싶습니다.   많은 것들이 처음 해보는 일들이었을 텐데 적극적으로 도전하고 성취해내는 모습은 저희에게 큰 힘이이자 보람이 되었습니다.  업무 자체도 낮선 상황에서 영어로 진행하는 것이 큰 부담감이었을 텐데도 포기하지 않고 그리고 팀워크에 기반하여 하루하루/한달한달 성장하는 모습을 보면서 저도 많이 배웠습니다. 
16주, 4개월이라는 시간이 길수도 있고 짧을수도 있겠지만, 여러분들이 한 경험과 배움은 큰 자산이 될 것입니다. 여러분은 이제 한차원 높은 역량을 보유하게 되었다는 것이 분명합니다. 여러분들은 자신감을 가져도 되고 그 자신감에 기반하여 맘껏 도전하시기 바랍니다.  여러분들은 꿈을 이룰 자격이 있습니다.
"GPTP는 해외에서 대학생들의 현장학습 기회를 제공하는 2005년부터 시작된 교육부의 지원사업입니다. 

하이브리드인턴십 글로벌 현장학습(HI-GPTP)은 
코로나로 인해 해외 연수가 힘든 상황에서 인덕대학교와 46개국 7천여 가상기업네트워크인 PEN이 결합해서 기획하고 운영한 신개념 글로벌 현장실습 프로그램입니다.

HI-GPTP는 글로벌현장학습 역사의 한 획을 긋는 프로그램으로 인정받고 있는 한편 시공을 초월하여 진행하는 획기적인 학습지향적 인턴십(Learning focused Internship)으로 한국만이 아니라 다른 나라에서도 주목받고 있습니다. "
저희 코리아펜과 펜월드와이드는 오늘 이후에도 여러분들과 계속 좋은 관계를 유지하고 싶습니다. 저희는 하이브리드 인턴십 및 가상기업 졸업생들의 글로벌 동문회를 구축하려고 계획하고 있습니다. 여러분들은 가상기업 실습생이자 하이브리드 인턴십 제 1기이도 합니다. 여러분들을 우리 동문회의 회원으로 초대할 것이고, 앞으로 여러분들의 취업과 창업 활동에 있어서도 외부와의 네트워킹과 지원을 이어갈 계획입니다. 더불어 여러분들이 앞으로 몇년의 사회 및 직장 경력을 가진 뒤에는 다시금 멘토가 되어 우리의 실습생들과 만나는 순간을 기대해 봅니다. 기대되지 않나요?
정말 수고 많았습니다. 여러분들의 멋진 성취를 축하합니다!

Hello eveyrone. I'm woorim park CEO of KoreaPEN. Thank you for the opportunity to have a speech as the GPTP project orgaznier. I remember the first moment I met you at the first gathering to introduce the concept of the HI-GPTP to you. It was July 1st. I came here with Mr. Thierry Nanette. Also we met with Woorim and Sumin, the team leaders of the current Wooahan Agile and EDA. 
After that, we met again in the two-day Prep-training session which was held in August, And our 4 month trip of H-GPTP began finally began with the official orientation on September 2nd.
Since then, we have been doing HI-GPTP together with you all for the past 16 weeks.
Through the past process, many people have shared valuable time, experience, and advice.
I'd like to thank the AustCham for being our partner with this project for which corporate collaboration is very important, our business mentors who encouraged our trainees in monthly events, and our two coaches Mr. Daniel Faller and Mr. Thierry Nannette who have guided and mentored our trainees every week heartedly, and most of all my thanks goes to Ms. Le Linh and Ms. Yukyoung Cho my two colleagues who fully agreed with the value of the project and tried their best to make the project a sucees and help the trainees grow.  Lastly my deepest gratitude to Mr. Boseok Kim and Mr. Kyungtae Kim. Without their initiative, this project would not be possible. 
Above all, I would like to express my greatest gratitude and congratulations to the students. Although it must have been the first time for you to perform the tasks, you venture the challenge and accomplish it step by step. It must have been a big burden for you to conduct the challenging tasks even in English however you didn't give up and grow your competency gradually. Observing the whole process has been a great learning for myself too. 
16 weeks may be long or short, but your experiences and learning will be there as a a great asset for your life now and in the future. It is clear that you now have a developed yourself in many ways such as professional working skills, communication and social skills and entrepreneur skills.  You can have confidence in yourself. Please don't hesitate to challenge yourself for your dream and future based on the self-confidence. Actually you deserve making your dream come true!
"Global Practial Training Program, so called GPTP, is a government funded project by the Ministry of Education that started in 2005 to provide practical training and learning opportunities for college students abroad.

Hybrid Internship GPTP is a new concept of GPTP planned and operated by Induk University and PEN, a network of over 7,000 virtual enterprises in 46 countries, in a situation where overseas training and onsite company internship is difficult due to the corona virus.

Being selected the best GPTP case in 2021(박수유도), HI-GPTP is now attracting attention not only in Korea but also in other countries as a effective alternative and learning focused internship that overcomes the limits of time and space. "
"We, Korea Pen and Pen Worldwide, would like to continue a good relationship with you even after today. We plan to establish a global alumni of hybrid internship and virtual enterprise graduates. You are not only virtual company traineea but also the first alumni of the hybrid internship. We would like to make networking opportunity and diverse support for your further employment and start-up activities in the global community of Hybrid Internship alumni 

In addition, I look forward to the moment of having you as mentors for the Hybrid Internship in the future based on your experience in work and businesses! 
Isn't it Amazing? . 
"
"Last but not least -
Thank you. Congratulations on your wonderful achievements!"
